DRIVE TRAIN/CYCLOIDAL DRIVE/README.md, before:

# Gearbox info

Reduction: 14:1

Eccentricity: 1mm

Pin Diameter: 6mm

75mm

# List of COTS used
## Bearings
4668K254_Permanently Lubricated Stainless Steel Ball Bearing - 2x
- Can be substited with bearing that has 21mm OD, 15mm ID, and 4mm thickness
- [Amazon Link](https://www.amazon.com/uxcell-6702-2RS-Groove-Bearings-Double/dp/B082PS2R61/ref=sr_1_3?crid=39OUROXB5XYRO&keywords=6702%2Bbearing&qid=1702320641&sprefix=6702%2Bbea%2Caps%2C137&sr=8-3&th=1)

4668K252_Permanently Lubricated Stainless Steel Ball Bearing
4668K214_Permanently Lubricated Stainless Steel Ball Bearing - 2x
- Can be substituted with bearing that has 15m OD, 10mm ID, and 4mm thickness
- [Amazon Link](https://www.amazon.com/uxcell-6700-2RS-Groove-Bearings-Double/dp/B082PR3DFZ/ref=sr_1_12_sspa?crid=2UQXHCAAANRS&keywords=amazon%2B10mm%2Bid%2Bbearing&qid=1703806567&sprefix=amazon%2B10mm%2Bid%2Bbearin%2Caps%2C212&sr=8-12-spons&sp_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9tdGY&th=1)

## Fasteners
M3x14 Socket Head - 5x
- Used to fasten the load pins to rotating plate

M3 nuts - 10x
- Used to fasten the load pins to roatating plate
- Used to give threaded attachment points to the rotating plate

M3x10 Socket Head - 3x
- Used to fasten lid to main housing

Commit message:

added thrust bearing to readme

DRIVE TRAIN/CYCLOIDAL DRIVE/README.md, after:

# Gearbox info

Reduction: 14:1

Eccentricity: 1mm

Pin Diameter: 6mm

75mm

# List of COTS used
## Bearings
4668K254_Permanently Lubricated Stainless Steel Ball Bearing - 2x
- Can be substited with bearing that has 21mm OD, 15mm ID, and 4mm thickness
- [Amazon Link](https://www.amazon.com/uxcell-6702-2RS-Groove-Bearings-Double/dp/B082PS2R61/ref=sr_1_3?crid=39OUROXB5XYRO&keywords=6702%2Bbearing&qid=1702320641&sprefix=6702%2Bbea%2Caps%2C137&sr=8-3&th=1)

4668K214_Permanently Lubricated Stainless Steel Ball Bearing - 2x
- Can be substituted with bearing that has 15m OD, 10mm ID, and 4mm thickness
- [Amazon Link](https://www.amazon.com/uxcell-6700-2RS-Groove-Bearings-Double/dp/B082PR3DFZ/ref=sr_1_12_sspa?crid=2UQXHCAAANRS&keywords=amazon%2B10mm%2Bid%2Bbearing&qid=1703806567&sprefix=amazon%2B10mm%2Bid%2Bbearin%2Caps%2C212&sr=8-12-spons&sp_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9tdGY&th=1)

5909K22_Needle-Roller Thrust Bearing - 1x
-  Can be substituted with thrust bearing with 78mm OD, 55mm ID, and 3mm Thickness
-  [Amazon Link](https://www.amazon.com/uxcell-AXK5578-Bearings-Diameter-Thickness/dp/B07GC7VWMM/ref=pd_ybh_a_sccl_16/139-5555057-8218607?pd_rd_w=pbjRp&content-id=amzn1.sym.67f8cf21-ade4-4299-b433-69e404eeecf1&pf_rd_p=67f8cf21-ade4-4299-b433-69e404eeecf1&pf_rd_r=GSECETJXQZNBSY2999Z8&pd_rd_wg=rzvdu&pd_rd_r=afa8d6f2-3885-418f-8772-712bc8637551&pd_rd_i=B07GC7VWMM&th=1)

## Fasteners
M3x14 Socket Head - 5x
- Used to fasten the load pins to rotating plate

M3 nuts - 10x
- Used to fasten the load pins to roatating plate
- Used to give threaded attachment points to the rotating plate

M3x10 Socket Head - 3x
- Used to fasten lid to main housing
